# Meeting 3rd August

## Project roles

Everyone seemed happy with the roles as laid out yesterday

## Freecycle slag-off session
### Issues
* Colour-scheme is ugly
* Issues with the search options
* Typing in London brings up lots of irrelevant
* Can't see thumbnail photographs
* Locations aren't real, meaning groups have to be segregated
* Persistence of no-longer relevant items

### Suggested features
* Better contact/pick-up facilitation between donors and takers
* Set up a search for what you are interested in and receive emails
* Login with facebook
* Real geolocation
* Eliminate the 'wanted items' feature
* Autofill postcode and search

## Breakout groups
### Features/ APIs
Sofia, Anneka, Emma
### Design
Heather, Brad, Noga, Kara
### Tech Stack
Troy, Jakub, Gabriel, Rich
### Code Reviewers
Sam, Mattia, Matt, Matt, Rory
